Update document, dependency-specification.md (#3400)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/docs/dependency-specification.md

poetry add https://example.com/my-package-0.1.0.tar.gz
```

## `source` dependencies

> To depend on a package from an [alternate repository](/docs/repositories/#install-dependencies-from-a-private-repository)

Reviewer: Just suggesting a newline between the heading and the content.

```suggestion

To depend on a package from an [alternate repository](/docs/repositories/#install-dependencies-from-a-private-repository),
```

> you can use `source` property:

Reviewer: Minor thing and a newline

```suggestion
you can use the `source` property:

```

```toml
[[tool.poetry.source]]
name = "foo"
url = "https://foo.bar/simple/"
secondary = true

[tool.poetry.dependencies]

> my-cool-package = { version = "*", source = "foo" }

Reviewer: You forgot to close the code block here (also added a newline).

````suggestion
my-cool-package = { version = "*", source = "foo" }
```

````

poetry add https://example.com/my-package-0.1.0.tar.gz
```

## `source` dependencies

> To dependent on a package located in the private repositry `my-private-repo`,
> you can use `source` property:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To depend on a package from an [alternate repository](/docs/repositories/#install-dependencies-from-a-private-repository)
you can use `source` property:
```

> ```toml
> [[tool.poetry.source]]
> name = "my-private-repo"
> url = "https://example.com/"
> secondary = true
> 
> [tool.poetry.dependencies]
> my-cool-package = { version = "*", source = "my-private-repo" }
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```toml
[[tool.poetry.source]]
name = "foo"
url = "https://foo.bar/simple/"
secondary = true

[tool.poetry.dependencies]
my-cool-package = { version = "*", source = "foo" }
```
```

Let's keep the example consistent.

> By setting `secondary = true`, poetry will still pull other dependencies from Pypi.
> See [Using a private repository](repositories.md#using-a-private-repository) for futher information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!!!note
    In this example, we expect `foo` to be configured conrrectly. See [using a private repository](repositories.md#using-a-private-repository) for futher information.
```

poetry add https://example.com/my-package-0.1.0.tar.gz
```

## `source` dependencies

To depend on a package from an [alternate repository](/docs/repositories/#install-dependencies-from-a-private-repository),
you can use the `source` property:

```toml
[[tool.poetry.source]]
name = "foo"
url = "https://foo.bar/simple/"
secondary = true

[tool.poetry.dependencies]
my-cool-package = { version = "*", source = "foo" }
```

> !!!note
>     In this example, we expect `foo` to be configured conrrectly. See [using a private repository](repositories.md#using-a-private-repository) for futher information.

Reviewer: Found a typo XD (there was an `n` in `correctly`)

Also added a newline to be similar to the other notes here in this document.

```suggestion
!!!note

    In this example, we expect `foo` to be configured correctly. See [using a private repository](repositories.md#using-a-private-repository) for futher information.
```

Author: it's really hard to find that. XD

poetry add https://example.com/my-package-0.1.0.tar.gz
```

## `source` dependencies

To depend on a package from an [alternate repository](/docs/repositories/#install-dependencies-from-a-private-repository),
you can use the `source` property:

```toml
[[tool.poetry.source]]
name = "foo"
url = "https://foo.bar/simple/"
secondary = true

[tool.poetry.dependencies]
my-cool-package = { version = "*", source = "foo" }
```

> 

Reviewer: By the way, I just noticed this section doesn't mention the `add` command. So, similar to the `url` section just above this one, I would add something like:

````suggestion

with the corresponding `add` call:

```sh
poetry add my-cool-package --source foo
```

````

!!!note

>     In this example, we expect `foo` to be configured correctly. See [using a private repository](repositories.md#using-a-private-repository) for futher information.

Reviewer: Sorry, I missed this one :sweat_smile: 

```suggestion
    In this example, we expect `foo` to be configured correctly. See [using a private repository](repositories.md#using-a-private-repository) for further information.
```
